surely there is a mind for silver and
the place where gold is refined iron is
taken from the earth and copper to
smelted from or man puts an end to
darkness and searches every recess for
or in the darkness and the shadow of
death he breaks open a shaft away from
people in places forgotten by feet they
hang far away from men they swing to and
fro as for the earth
from it comes bread but underneath it is
turned up as by fire its stones are the
source of sapphires and that contained
gold dust that pass no bird knows nor
has the Falcons I seen it
the proud lines have not trodden dit nor
has the fierce lion passed over it he
puts his hand on the flint he overturns
the mountains at the roots he cuts out
channels in the rocks and his eyes sees
every precious thing he dams up the
streams from trickling what is hidden he
brings forth tonight but where can
wisdom be found and where does the place
of understanding man does not know its
value nor does it found in the land of
the living the deep says it is not in me
and the sea says it is not with me
it cannot be purchased for gold rock and
silver be weighed for its price
it cannot be valued in the gold of Ophir
in precious onyx or sapphire neither
gold nor crystal can equal it nor can it
be exchanged for jewellery of fine gold
no mention should be made of coral rock
quartz for the price of wisdom is above
rubies the topaz a video Pia cannot
equal it cannot be valued in pure gold
from where then does wisdom come and
where is the place of understanding it
is hidden from the eyes of all living
and concealed from the birds of the air
destruction and death say we have heard
the report about it without ears God
understands its way and he knows its
place for he looks to the ends of the
earth and sea's under the whole heavens
to establish a wait for the wind and
apportion the waters by measure when he
made a law for the rain and a path for
the thunderbolt
then he saw wisdom and declared it he
prepared it indeed he searched it out
and to man he said behold the fear of
the Lord that is wisdom and to depart
from evil is understanding
you